Document how CairoLS executable is detected (#62)
software-mansion/vscode-cairo: README.md

For questions or inquiries about Cairo, Cairo Language Server and this extension, reach out to us
on [Telegram] or [Discord].

## Language Server Binary Discovery

> Commonly, the Cairo Language Server is distributed with Scarb and can be accessed using the `scarb cairo-language-server` command. However, there are settings available to use a standalone binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commonly, the Cairo Language Server is distributed with Scarb via `scarb-cairo-language-server` binary. However, there are settings available to use a standalone binary.
```

They will try to run it and wonder why it doesn't do anything xD

> ### Configuration-specified Path:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configuration-specified Path
```

First, the extension checks if a path to the Language Server binary has been explicitly specified in the configuration settings under `cairo1.languageServerPath`.

> If a path is specified, the extension attempts to use the binary at this location. It will _not_ fall back to other methods if this path is incorrect!

Reviewer: It should be mentioned that unless prefer scarb LS was set to true and linked to next paragraph.

> ### Preference for Scarb Language Server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Preference for Scarb Language Server
```

> The `cairo1.preferScarbLanguageServer` option determines whether to prioritize using the Language Server bundled with Scarb, when available, over a standalone Language Server binary. Scarb can be manually specified with the `cairo1.scarbPath` setting. If a path is specified, the extension attempts to use the binary at this location. It will _not_ fall back to other methods if this path is incorrect!

Reviewer: This paragraph is confusing (you mention a lot of things, but there is no clear algorithm) and incorrect, it will not always try to prioritize the LS bundled with Scarb
> "If the workspace contains a Scarb.toml file, prefer using `scarb cairo-language-server` over standalone `cairo-language-server` (e.g. one specified by `cairo1.languageServerPath`).",

> The `cairo1.preferScarbLanguageServer` option determines whether to prioritize using the Language Server bundled with Scarb, when available, over a standalone Language Server binary. Scarb can be manually specified with the `cairo1.scarbPath` setting. If a path is specified, the extension attempts to use the binary at this location. It will _not_ fall back to other methods if this path is incorrect!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cairo1.preferScarbLanguageServer` option determines whether to prioritize using the Language Server bundled with Scarb, when available, over a standalone Language Server binary. Scarb can be manually specified with the `cairo1.scarbPath` setting. If the path is specified, the extension attempts to use the binary at this location, otherwise it will look for Scarb in a way described [below](##scarb_binary_discovery). It will _not_ fall back to other methods if this path is incorrect!
```

> ### Search in System PATH:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Scarb binary discovery

### Search in System PATH

(...)

### Search via ASDF Tool
```

Also idk if this shouldn't be first in the docs since LS that comes with Scarb is the default LS that will be used

> If no path is configured, the extension then searches for the Scarb binary in your system’s `PATH` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no path is configured, the extension then searches for the `scarb-cairo-language-server` binary in your system’s `PATH` environment variable.
```

>If no path is configured

What path?

> ### ASDF Tool Verification:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Scarb Discovery via ASDF
```
